Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-the-four-it-business-management-domains-solved
<br>
Determine the interconnectivity of each of the four IT business management domains as discussed in Chapter 2 of the Stenzel textbook on page 57. Explain how each domain impacts the other.From each business management domain, identify the two most important areas a CIO should accept responsibility for in order to strategically lead the organization. Support your answer with a rationale for why you believe these are the most important areas.page 57

Distributed computing sent shock waves through IT and system managementfrom which IT has yet to fully recover. Industry analysts,system management vendors, niche vendors, and IT management allhave perspectives on partial solutions, but none of the stakeholdersespouses a complete model or the means to integrate all the perspectives.The essential management pieces are obviously missing andmust come from new management approaches. This section exploresthe four IT business domains of capacity optimization, service levelmanagement, fi nancial management, and business alignment as theyapply to the current IT industry environment. SAS established thesefour domains based on ITIL version 3, our own thought leadership,and industry analyst feedback to form a hybrid model with invigoratedfocus and emphasis. The enhancement of these four domains will helplead to the transformation of IT system and business management intoa stable, available, and business – aligned model. This section discussesthe four domains in terms of the current state and emerging opportunitiesto expand the management of each IT business domain, tofulfi ll its promise and enable the other domains to fulfi ll their strategicpromise.